>> Bianca Gandolfo: Can we
break the pseudocode down more?
>> Speaker 2: So
are you setting flags on the nodes?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: Okay?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, or like a flag?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so that way
when you're checking, you can see.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: If you've
been there or not, yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And we don't really
need to do that with a tree, right,
because we don't have
to worry about cycles.
Right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does anyone
have a solid pseudocode solution?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, so each node
needs to be visited and explored.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we'll visit,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does that seem fair?
Like we have to go to each node,
we have to visit it and
then we have to make sure that we
have visited everything around it and
marked as explored before we
just said that we are done.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
and then it recurse,
we have a base case, which is what?
>> Speaker 2: If it's been explored.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes, if it has
been explored which we know that how?
>> Speaker 2: Because there's going
to be an attribute on that node
that tells us it's been explored or not.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Or
there's like no further places to go.
>> Speaker 2: Or
there's no further place to go, yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so what does that mean?
So know where to go,
it could mean that for example for
the 6, there's no adjacency list,
or it's empty.
So an empty list or it could be what else?
What are some other examples?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
it's either visited or explored already,
cuz you don't wanna go there
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You don't
wanna recourse into something that is
already being visited or explored.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Two way two
kind of based cases scenario, okay?
So that every time we visit.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: If we call this our
recourse and we call this traverse, right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Another thing we know
about recourse is we have to break our
problem down into smaller pieces, right.
So what pieces?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What pieces
do we want to break it down into.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
we have our nodes
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we're saying each node
needs to be visited and
to marked as explored,
is that the same thing?
>> Speaker 3: Does, like do you mark a
node as explored once it's been visited or
is there a little more to it?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There's a little
more to it, so visited happens.
So for example, we visit 1 and then we go
all the way down, all the way down, all
the way down, all the way down to 6, and
6 is the first one we mark as explored.
>> Speaker 3: Okay,
cuz there's nowhere else to go.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There's
nowhere else to go.
And then, because of that,
5 has been explored, 4 has been explored,
2 has been explored,
1 is still visited 3, we visit.
We check, we don't have anywhere to go and
now 3 is explored.
And now we pop back, 1 is explored.
Okay?
>> Speaker 3: So when we first
go to a node we need to check
if there's anywhere else we can go, yep.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [COUGH] So is there
somewhere to go or is everything in
the adjacency list been
visited slash explored.
Maybe we just want to say explored.
I don't know.
I haven't committed.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: To either one.
>> Speaker 3: So with your definition
6 can't be explored, right?
6 can't be visited.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So 6 is explored,
6 is actually the first one that we
consider explored Because as we go down,
we start here, we go down, we do gown,
and we go down and we get to 6.
At this point, 1, 2, 4, and
5 have all been visited,
but we have not marked them explored yet.
Because we're not sure yet that there's
no more other adjacent vertices, right?
Because we haven't checked,
we've only gone down one path.
All the way down to the bottom.
And we wanna make sure that we account for
other path, so
that one is just visited
because we go down this way.
We hadn't yet explored the 3 and so,
explore is when all the edges and
vertices are done.
So basically, explore is when we've gone
to both of the items at JSON C list.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we need to traverse
somewhere in our adjacent C list, right?
We have two options of
what we can traverse.
We can traverse either the edges or
we can traverse through
the nodes themselves, right.
Because that's what we have,
we have either an array
of our edges or
we have these values in our object, right.
1 to 6, yes.
Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 3: But the edges are what
represent, but places we can go.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so what does that tell you?
>> Speaker 3: That that's
what we wanna traverse.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
we wanna traverse into the edges.
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
the first time we do this.
Right, this that knows that value,
we're looking at one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
we wanna go into the first item, two.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then,
let's just say we recurse.
We recurse, so we visit.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We visit 2,
which is here, and we can go to 0, right?
So if we wrote this code just
looking at the first index.
It would kind of work for a while, right,
we go to 4, 4 goes to 5, 5 goes to 6,
6 meets our best case, so we jump out.
We jump out, we jump out,
we jump out, we jump out.
The time it doesn't work is when our
adjacency list is greater than size 1.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do you see why?
>> Speaker 3: Because we're just,
we want to go to the first one?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 3: Could we use a loop
there to traverse all of them?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's
call it array of edges
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, what did I hit?
God, it scared me.
I was like don't erase everything, okay?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, so for
i we're gonna loop.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How
does that land with us?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we'll start with 1,
is 1 visited or explored,
or in empty list?
No, so we're gonna loop through it.
So the very first one
we're gonna traverse- Yep.
Which is gonna be our recurse of call.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
Go to 2, is 4 explored or visited?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No,
so we will traverse.
Same thing, we will traverse,
we will traverse, we get to 6.
6 is now, has an empty list,
so we return, 5.
So, again we're not flagging here so
there at some point we're gonna want
to flag, but let's pretend that we did.
So 6 s explored at that point and
then we go up, up up up, to 1.
And in this 1 we're back at this 4 loop,
then I will be 1,
and then that's when we go to 3
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, who wants to teach
me about how this code works.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anyone?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Well,
everyone all the same time.
>> Speaker 3: Anyone interrupt this 1.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH] [LAUGH]
Let's see, could just take a guess.
So the way you learn is trying it and then
maybe it was wrong and then I'd tell you
the right way and then suddenly you'd know
where your mistake was in your thinking.
So by taking a stab at it and
showing us your mental model it's going to
help you and it's also going to help
probably the other half of the class who
also has this mental model
that may be incorrect.
Or, you got it 100%.
>> Speaker 3: And
then you get all the glory.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, and
then you just get credit for that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Anyone, anyone?
>> Speaker 3: I'll give it
a go if nobody wants to.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: I feel like I'm hogging
all the interaction chances though.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Well.
>> Speaker 3: So we'll start off at 1,
and so we'll check
there if it's an empty list, or if it's
already been marked, visited, or explored.
None of those things are true,
so we move through and
loop through its array of edges.
We go through the first entry
in that array and that's 2.
We do a recursive call
to our traverse on 2.
We check if 2, either contains an empty
list or has already been marked visited or
explored.
That's not true, so
we move down to our second thing, and
we loop through its array of edges.
Its array of edges only contains 4,
with triggers on 4.
We check if it has an empty list or
if it's been visited or explored.
That's not true, so
we loop through its edges.
So we'd go into 5,
>> Speaker 3: It does not have empty lists
or has been visited or explored.
So we'd traverse on 5, which gets us to 6.
Now 6 has an empty list, so
we return and don't go anything further.
Which pops us back into,
>> Speaker 3: 5,
so we'll finish that loop.
There's nothing else in the loop,
so that pops us back to 4.
We'll finish that loop.
There's nothing else there,
so that takes us back to 2.
Finish that loop, nothing else there,
that takes us back to 1.
Now there is another entry in that loop,
so we'll go into 3.
And then from 3, we'll check if it's
got nowhere to go, which is not true,
or if it's been visited,
which is not true.
So we'll traverse 3, we'll loop through
its array of edges, which takes us to 4.
We go to 4, now it's already been
visited so we return back to 3.
And there is nothing else
to go in to that loop.
We go back to 1, then we are done, right?
Because, that loop is finished.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yup, perfect.
Snaps that was beautiful.
Lets give him snaps.
Don't need to be stingy with your snaps.
They don't cost that much.
[LAUGH] All right, okay, cool.
So before, we're not gonna do exercises,
we're just gonna jump into
Breadth-First Search.
So you have some to dos here,
to do, where do you put flags?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How
many flags do we need?
Do we need explored and visited?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Visited or just one,
doesn't matter, you can decide.
What are the questions that are open?
I think those are our main open
questions it's just around the flagging.